[Music]
the man laughed and took off his
girlfriend's clothes
told her to go seduce the fat guy over
there his girlfriend was surprised why
turns out the man led the brothers to
ski but did not want to spend money to
buy tickets
and that fat guys the staff at the ski
rink convinced him that they would be
able to enter the field for free
faced with such shameless request that
girl agreed
she walked in front of the fat man
offered a cigarette first
then said she and two sisters went
skiing but forgot money
can you let us in fat man fantasized
about his unexpected meeting with three
beautiful girls
he agreed immediately but after a while
he saw the girl led two men
he collapsed sisters the three people
hurriedly sat on the cable and ran away
more ashamed in the evening they came
again this time fat man stopped them
said it was being closed unexpected
light male lead threatened
if you don't let us in i will denounce
you freely releases during the day
fat man was stunned he had to let them
in
three people sat on the cable car but
didn't know
this would be the decision to find their
way to death not long after
a colleague came to change shift fat man
told him
there are still three people on wait
until they get down then close the field
the colleague waited and saw them
getting down
so he thought there is no other person
he switched off power sources and went
home
on the other side the cable car that the
three main people sat on suddenly
stopped
they hung in mid-air just they thought
it was a problem
it could be fixed soon until the lights
on the cable car line went off
darkness covered them they knew it was
not good
the girl remembered that it was sunday
this ski field is only open on sunday
that means greater than if they were
forgotten they would be stuck there
anyone help help after half a day
only cold wind responded to her after a
long time
dytrang could not help but pee he pushed
the handrail freeing himself from the
cable car
snow was falling more heavily snowstorm
arrived
frantically swept along flying ice chips
which
created lots of sound the three huddled
together
but still shaky suddenly a light flashed
behind
someone went patrol bravo they were
delighted and shouted
but the snow is too heavy the patrol man
didn't think there were people on the
cable car
he got a message to return to the team
he was to go
the three site was not good they threw
glasses
helmets snowboards to catch attention
but the patrol man still could not see
he just left leaving three people
extremely desperate
at night a series of ice pillars
attached on the cable car
the temperature was too low the girl's
face began to be hurt by the cold
it was severe the male lead didn't want
to wait anymore
he pushed down the rail decided to jump
down to find aid
considering the ground first very high
he held back his fear and took a deep
breath
oh man the main male still despised the
altitude of this place
the leg bone pierced the thigh the legs
broke completely
he felt very painful and screamed to
tell the two to stay on the cable
the girl took off her scarf she wanted
to throw it at the male lead to stop
bleeding but it got stuck on a tree
not long after the male lead would lose
blood and die
di trang suddenly thought that he can
follow the cable car to climb the pillar
then crawl down under the pillar
although it's also very dangerous
but to save the mail greater than he
started climbing
but one foot stepped on the ice almost
slipped down
die train hastily retreated they could
only clear the ice and snow from the
cable car
it was at this moment that the male lead
below just raised his head
he would be dead the grey wolves
displayed an attack stance
luckily the girl above threw down her
snowboard and scared them
but not far away resounded the howling
wolf that meant they were still there
ditrang then climbed up he grabbed the
cable moving it bit forward
suddenly he looked down at the ground in
horror one two
three a pack of wolves surrounded the
main male
his legs were broken could only scream
desperately
don't let her look he didn't want his
girlfriend to see his deadly appearance
the girl heard the screen below she
burst into tears
not long after male lead was almost gone
two people on the cable car were
dumbfounded
dai trang looked at his hand some
scratches
at this moment the girl suddenly said
why didn't you stop him
she blamed dai trang for the male lead
ditrane couldn't accept
he said he couldn't do anything she
didn't stop him either
dai trang said angrily the girl cried
again
they were all very pitiful but no one
wanted to be responsible for the male
leads death
such a situation snow still fell they
got colder
just warmed up each other they kept
talking
about what they want to do who they want
to meet
to give each other motivation finally it
was morning
the ski field was certainly empty the
girl woke up
and found her hands frozen on the
handrail she tried once
to get away from it and lost half of the
arm's skin
not only that the wound on her face
became more and more serious greater
than very itchy she used her hand to
scratch
but dai trang stopped her he told not to
hunger and cold maltreat them ditrang
decided based on last night's plan
follow the cable crawling to the other
pole then go down
the girl advised him to wait a moment
someone may come
dai trang nodded he lean on the side to
rest
after a long timoth ski field is still
empty
the girl couldn't help but cry she wiped
her tears with her hands
and carelessly hit damaged skin but she
herself could not feel it
because the face had lost its feeling
after a while
dai trang woke up again he knew he can't
wait more only himself
di train began to climb he grabbed the
cable with both hands
moved forward little by little the shoes
kept him warm
but were very heavy each move forward
we're consuming stamina
at this point there was a fleeting grey
shadow below
the wolves came just waiting for dai
train to fall
the he would become a meal ditrang
struggled to climb onto the second cable
car
he was severely injured he told the girl
to throw the ski stick over here
to protect him when he got down the girl
moved her body to get it
the screw on the cable car is loose it
moved
she took the ski stick threw down then
dai trang moved from the second cable
car
the hungry wolf below was still staring
at him this time he completely ignored
the wound on his hand
accelerated forward finally dai trang
climbed onto the pillar
then down the stairs to the ground he
just picked up the ski stick
then jumped a hungry wolf no no
dai trang stabbed the hungry wolf
threatened it to run away
then hastily sat on the snowboard
slipping down the mountain
the girl saw the two wolves chase
greater than but could do nothing
could only pray for die tranq safely
down the mountain
then leads people to save her another
night has come
there is no big blizzard tonight the
girl lived until the next morning
but daitrang has yet to come back she
felt
scared and helpless looked down the body
of her boyfriend was buried in snow
proving that the snow has become thick
the girl started to move out of the
cable car she wanted to get a little
closer to the ground
then jumped down the screw was
completely loose
the cable car suddenly fell fortunately
it stopped at a position close to the
ground but the steel wire was slowly
snapping
the girl took a deep breath the let go
she fell on snow suddenly the cable car
also
fell her leg had been injured the girl
crawled forward with both hands
crawled rolled and slowed finally
reached the middle of the mountainside
she saw bloodstains on the ground there
is also a shattered body
that turned out to be dytrang who had
died under the wolf's mouth for a long
time
the girl glanced hungry wolf was staring
at her
in front of her there is still blood on
the mouth
she was so scared fortunately these
wolves were already full
and didn't attack her she slowly moved
rolled down a slope finally reached the
foot of the mountain
but because she wasn't strong enough she
fainted
snow fell heavier passersby discovered
her
the girl was saved she was alive thanks
to luck
but not every time luck would come so
young people should not be too giddy
be aware every time alright do you like
this movie
hit like if you like it and comment your
opinions